
1.Difference between function and procedure.

2.What is bulk collect?

3.Write a procedure for bulkcollect using associative array without exception and explain what will happen?

4.Explain the procedure in DBMS-profiler?What are the procedures found inside dbms-profiler? list out?

5.Write a trigger which should not fire on friday between 6pm to 7pm?

6.Difference between cursor and refcursor?

7.DBMS-profiler?

8.Bulk bind sample program

9.Array table explained with syntax.

10.pipeline function purpose.

11.Write explain plan syntax.

12.What is DBMS utility?

13.From where will you get the defect code? what do you meant by instead of keyword in trigger?

14.Tell about the trigger applications you used on project?

15.what is cursor?Types of cursor? Difference between types.

16.Tell about explicit cursor attributes.

17.How will you check cursor is open?

18.Cursor defined
begin
update statement
End
How will you get the updated rows number?

19.Tell about packages? Advantages of package?

20.package spec
p1
p2
p4
package body
p1
p2
p3
will p3 & p4 work?
will this package be created?
what is p3?
will it be accessed from outside the package?

21.What is Exception? Tell me about system defined exception?

22.Declare var_frs emp.first_name% type 
Begin
Select first_name into var_frs from emp where 1=2;
Exception
when others 
print(1);
when no_data then
print(2);
when 
print(3);
END;
Q:which exception will be handles?
If we replace the select statemen26.Stored procedure to print a year leap or not.
I^p date
Op statement.
t with update which exception handled?

16.How will get the error message you declared?
17.Raise application error?
4.Trigger & Types?
Global variable & local variable declarations?
Bulk insert program?

How will you identify tables using by column name?

14.How do you find what are tables are using by the current package?

.Write explain plan Syntax.


.Write down cursor with bulk bind in given scenario?
6.For each row purpose in trigger?
WIRECARD 9/9/17 production support
n.
5.Cursor vs refcursor.
6.can we open many ref cursor based on condition if yes write a program. if no reason.
7.Stored procedure vs functions.
8.Packages, scenarios based questions.
9.Triggers and scenario based questions.

6.what is procedures?
7.What is trigger?
8.Query for triggers?
.Compound trigger
3.How many function we can use in compound trigger
4.Mutating table error
7.Pragma autonomous_transaction
.What is cursor?
8.Need for cursor?
what us the difference between table level and low level triggers ?
12.What is functions?write it
.Why you used bulk collect?
12.What is plsql collection?
13.What is exception?
14.What is cursor?
15.What is packages?
When will you use exceptions?
What are different types of exception?
Can you give me a real time example for exceptions?
What are cursor types?
What are all cursor
Explain mutating error?
Where is trigger? Tell me what are all the Advantages of using triggers?
What are different types of triggers?
Have you worked on pl-sql collections?
What are all collections types?
What are all collections methods?
Where did u use v array in your project?
How frequently will u use v array ?
What are the advantages of using variable array?
Can u tell me what are all the difference between v array and plsql table?
Why we are using plsql? Why can't we use alone SQL?
.Explain detail about triggers?
7.can we create function inside a procedure?
8.select sum(salary) from table_name ; can we store this query inside a procedure?
.wat is the difference between procedure and function other than return and nt return a value ?
17.define bulk collect ,how can we use it?
18.difference between plsql table and v array?
.cursor and types and write program for cursor.
5.Exception and types.
6.Write program for non-predefined exceptions.
7.collections and types.
8.Write a program for plsql table.
9.Write a program for v array.
10.Write a program using case and for loop.
11.Trigger and types and where used in your project.
.Write a program for bulk collect
.Different between cursor and select statement.
.Use of pragma automous transaction
.Purpose of cursor.
.Use of bind variable.
How to overcome the mutating error
.What is bulk collect?
12.Write an example for bulk collect?
13.plsql collection types?
14.what is varray?
15.what is plsql table?
 Advantages of using plsql
2. Provide the structure of plsql block from the start to end
3.provide some places in plsql where schemas can be used
4. Can we write procedure in a function
5. Can we call a procedure by another procedure
6. Can u give the syntax of how u will call another procedure
. Diff bw procedure and functions
15. What is cursor
. what is anonymous block and procedure
10. where u used trigger and syntax of trigger

5. what are the joins used in performance tunning
.Write procedure you have recently written?
.What is bulk collect and bulk bind?
. What is functions
6. What is triggers
7. What is cursor
8. Cursor attributes
9. What is exception and types
10. Eg for predefined exception
11. Diff bw anonymous block and subprogram
12. What is package
13. What is overloading in procedure
14. Diff bw standalone and subprogram
What is procedure

write a procedure wit examples
.Diff between procedure and functions
.Triggers and Types?
 What is utl_file
What is cursor and types
18. What is implicit cursor
19. Cursor attributes
20. Diff bw cursor and ref cursor
21. Diff bw procedure and packages
22. Diff bw procedure and functions
23. What is record
24. Can we call a procedure inside a package and vice versa
 What is exceptions and types
27. What is diff bw user defined and predefined and non predefined exceptions
28. What is collections
29. Diff bw associative array and nested table
30. Diff bw cursors and collections
31. What is bulk bind and bulk collect
32. Why u r using bulk collect to transfer datas from one table to another table, why cant u just simply use 'select into clause'
How will u see the error line, msg and name when exception happened
 Advantages of packages
44. What is ref cursor and where u will use it
45. What are the attributes for implicit cursor alone.
46.






















1

































9










